[DOCS-2262] route information to alertmanager docs (#9830)
DataDog/integrations-core: prometheus/README.md

The Prometheus check does not include any service checks.

## Prometheus Alertmanager

> Send Prometheus Alertmanager alerts in the event stream. Natively, Alertmanager sends all alerts simultaneously to the configured webhook. To see alerts in Datadog, you must configure your instance of Alertmanager to send alerts one at a time. You can add a group-by parameter under `route` to have alerts grouped by the actual name of the alert rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send Prometheus Alertmanager alerts in the event stream. 

By default, Alertmanager sends all alerts simultaneously to the configured webhook. To see alerts in Datadog, you must configure your instance of Alertmanager to send alerts one at a time. You can add a `group_by` parameter under `route` to group alerts by the alert rule name.
```

> Send Prometheus Alertmanager alerts in the event stream. Natively, Alertmanager sends all alerts simultaneously to the configured webhook. To see alerts in Datadog, you must configure your instance of Alertmanager to send alerts one at a time. You can add a group-by parameter under `route` to have alerts grouped by the actual name of the alert rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send Prometheus Alertmanager alerts in the event stream. 

By default, Alertmanager sends all alerts simultaneously to the configured webhook. To see alerts in Datadog, you must configure your instance of Alertmanager to send alerts one at a time. You can add a `group_by` parameter under `route` to group alerts by the alert rule name.
```

  webhook_configs: 
  - send_resolved: true
    url: https://app.datadoghq.com/intake/webhook/prometheus?api_key=<DATADOG_API_KEY>
route:
  group_by: ['alertname']
  group_wait: 10s
  group_interval: 5m
  receiver: datadog
  repeat_interval: 3h
```

> **Note**: This endpoint only accepts a single event in the payload at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This endpoint accepts only one event in the payload at a time.
```
